---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
include_in_header: false
---

**Privacy Policy for BeNoopy Mobile App**

**Introduction:**

BeNoopy is a mobile app that provides an AI art generator for users. This privacy policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your personal information when you use our app. We are committed to complying with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and respecting your privacy rights.

**Types of Information Collected:**
BeNoopy only collects email addresses from users who choose to sign up for our service. We do not collect any other personal information, such as names or addresses.

**How Information is Collected:**
We collect email addresses when users sign up for our service. We use Firebase to store user information securely.

**Purpose of Collection:**
We collect email addresses solely for the purpose of providing our service. We use email addresses to send users notifications about new art generated by the AI system.

**Sharing of Information:**
We do not share email addresses with any third parties, except as required by law. We do use Crashlytics to monitor app crashes and performance, but this does not involve sharing any personal information with third parties.

**Data Security:**
We take the security of user information seriously. We use Firebase to store user data, which is encrypted and secured. We also use industry-standard security measures to protect user information.

**User Rights:**
Under GDPR, users have the following rights with respect to their personal information:
The right to access their personal information
The right to correct any inaccurate or incomplete personal information
The right to have their personal information deleted
The right to object to the processing of their personal information
The right to restrict the processing of their personal information
The right to data portability
Users can exercise these rights by contacting us at hello@benoopy.com. We will respond to all requests within one month.

**Updates and Changes:**
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. We will notify users of any material changes to the policy by email or through the app.

This policy is effective as of 2023-05-18

**Contact Information:**
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, or if you wish to exercise your GDPR rights, please contact us at hello@benoopy.com.
