---
layout: page
title: Terms and Conditions
include_in_header: false
---

**Terms of Use for BeNoopy Mobile App**

**Introduction:**

These terms of use govern your use of the BeNoopy mobile app. By using the app, you agree to be bound by these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms, you should not use the app.

**Use of the App:**
BeNoopy is a mobile app that provides an AI art generator for entertainment purposes only. The app is intended for personal, non-commercial use only. You may not use the app for any commercial purpose without our express written consent.

**Intellectual Property:**
The app and all content therein, including but not limited to text, images, graphics, software, and other materials, are owned by us or our licensors and are protected by intellectual property laws.
Personal iImages you provided and generated images from your personal images are your properties.

**Generated Images:**
The images generated by the app are for entertainment purposes only and may present artifacts. We make no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the quality or accuracy of the images generated by the app.

**Privacy Policy:**
Your use of the app is subject to [our privacy policy](https://www.benoopy.com/privacypolicy/). By using the app, you agree to our collection, use, and sharing of your personal information as described in the privacy policy.

**Disclaimer of Warranties:**
The app is provided "as is" and we make no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the app or any content therein. We do not warrant that the app will be error-free or that access to the app will be uninterrupted.

**Limitation of Liability:**
In no event shall we be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising out of or in connection with your use of the app or any content therein. Our total liability to you for all damages shall not exceed the amount paid by you for the app.

**No Refunds:**
Due to the nature of the app and the fact that the generated images may present artifacts, we do not offer any refunds.

**Indemnification:**
You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from any and all claims, damages, or expenses (including attorneys' fees) arising out of or in connection with your use of the app or any content therein.

**Amendment:**
We reserve the right to amend these terms of use at any time. Your continued use of the app after any amendment constitutes your acceptance of the amended terms.
These terms and conditions are effective as of 2023-05-18

**Contact Information:**
If you have any questions or concerns about these terms of use, please contact us at hello@benoopy.com.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact us at hello@benoopy.com.
